Include Mongolid Library (#463)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/drivers/php-libraries.txt

  **mongodb** extension. It is schema-less and supports fast object hydration
  and persistence, which makes it well-suited for modeling aggregation results.

- `Mongolid <https://github.com/leroy-merlin-br/mongolid>`_: Easy, powerful,
   and ultrafast ODM for PHP and MongoDB. Implements ActiveRecord design
   pattern accounting for MongoDB concepts. It supports embedded and referenced

>    documents.

Reviewer: Suggested rephrase:

> Easy, powerful, and ultrafast ODM for PHP and MongoDB. Implements both ActiveRecord and DataMapper design    patterns and supports embedded and referenced documents.

  **mongodb** extension. It is schema-less and supports fast object hydration
  and persistence, which makes it well-suited for modeling aggregation results.

> - `Mongolid <https://github.com/leroy-merlin-br/mongolid>`_: Easy, powerful and ultrafast ODM for PHP and MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Mongolid <https://github.com/leroy-merlin-br/mongolid>`_: Easy, powerful,
   and ultrafast ODM for PHP and MongoDB. Implements both ActiveRecord and
   DataMapper design patterns.
```

Fixing word wrap, Oxford comma, and adding another sentence to distinguish this library from other entries.

    library and includes an abstract model, a helper class for handling bulk
    writes, database wrappers for Laravel and Lumen, and some necessary helper
    functions.

>   - `Mongolid Laravel <https://github.com/leroy-merlin-br/mongolid-laravel>`_: Easy, powerful and ultrafast MongoDB ODM for Laravel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Mongolid Laravel <https://github.com/leroy-merlin-br/mongolid-laravel>`_:
    Laravel package for the MongoLid ODM. Includes integration for the auth
    and queue failed job components.
```

I don't think this needs to repeat the marketing description for the main library. It'd be more helpful to note what specific integrations it provides. AFAICT, this doesn't have anything to do with Eloquent (unlike the jenssegers library).

    library and includes an abstract model, a helper class for handling bulk
    writes, database wrappers for Laravel and Lumen, and some necessary helper
    functions.

  - `Mongolid Laravel <https://github.com/leroy-merlin-br/mongolid-laravel>`_: 
  Built on top of `Mongolid`, it provides many integrations with the framework,
  while leveraging some core features of it. You might find some similarities 
  with `Eloquent`, but this library is not a replacement for it, as it tries 

>   to follow MongoDB concepts.

Reviewer: Suggested rephrase:

> Built on top of the Mongolid ODM, this library provides integrations with the framework and some of its core features. There are some similarities with Eloquent but this library is designed specifically with MongoDB concepts in mind.
